DRIVERS-2441 add prose test Rewrap Case 2 (#1413)
mongodb/specifications: source/client-side-encryption/tests/README.rst

8. Call ``clientEncryption2.decrypt`` with the ``ciphertext``. Assert the return value is "test".

> Case 2: Rewrap returns error if masterKey is set, but provider is not set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Case 2: RewrapManyDataKeyOpts.provider is not optional
```

`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

> This test may not apply depending on how the driver models the ``RewrapManyDataKeyOpts`` type.
> Drivers with API that does not permit calling ``ClientEncryption::rewrapManyDataKey`` with the ``masterKey`` set and ``provider`` unset may skip this test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drivers MAY chose not to implement this prose test if their implementation of ``RewrapManyDataKeyOpts`` makes it impossible by design to omit ``RewrapManyDataKeyOpts.provider`` when ``RewrapManyDataKeyOpts.masterKey`` is set.
```

1. Create a ``ClientEncryption`` object named ``clientEncryption`` with these options:

   .. code:: typescript

      class ClientEncryptionOpts {
         keyVaultClient: <new MongoClient>,
         keyVaultNamespace: "keyvault.datakeys",
         kmsProviders: <all KMS providers>,
      }

2. Call ``clientEncryption.rewrapManyDataKey`` with an empty ``filter`` and these options:

   .. code:: typescript

      class RewrapManyDataKeyOpts {

>          masterKey: { "foo": "bar" }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         masterKey: {}
```
Test only requires that `masterKey` is set (and valid). Suggest avoiding extra content.

      }

>    Assert an error is returned from the driver suggesting that the ``provider`` option is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Assert that `clientEncryption.rewrapManyDataKey` raises a client error indicating that the required ``RewrapManyDataKeyOpts.provider`` field is missing.
```
